Manage Coffees
    Determine how to deal with default selection
    Don't allow user to delete last coffee
    Rename coffee feature
    Prompt to delete coffee, or provide undo option.
    Eliminate extra clicks on startup
    Eliminate 2nd color in list
    Add long press as alternative to "Edit" button for Coffee recipes.
Add coffee
    Have coffee just added be selected when go back to CoffeeActivity.
    Improve appearance of errors in edit volumes
Manage Volumes
    Don't allow user to delete last volume
    Add volume feature
    Prompt to delete volume, or provide undo option.
    Is this where default volume should be specified?
    Add long press as alternative to "Edit" button for Coffee recipes.
Manage Cycles
    Don't allow user to delete last cycle
    For save feature:
        Prompt to replace existing volume
        Indicate if new volume
    Display original volume
    Create table programmatically so can base number of cycles on MAX_NUM_CYCLES.
    Tie together references to columns in XML and in code
        Use resource IDs?
    Special case last vacuum mintime
    Test for CyclesActivity:
        set parm buttons, get parm buttons, compare values
    Reduce sizes to improve spacing and grouping
        (so views with related functionality are visually grouped together)
    Increase size of +, - buttons
    Can +, - buttons and seekbar all be the same color (since functionality is related)?
    Revert widths for cycle parameter column sizes to explicit
        widths and margins, in place of the current 0dp/weight=1 width specifications
General
    Make layout attributes consistent across activities.
    Add findViewByIdOrThrow().
    Add Checker methods where can add a name (for cases where there are multiple parameters
        that use the same Checker method).
    Add methods: getIntentExtraOrThrow*
    Fix access of methods used by test code
        Some are public just for test code; see if that can be fixed.
    Add icons to improve appearance of list items
    Work out app color scheme


DONE
Clean up test code
Improve Espresso test that navigates edit hierarchy
    Set database and Validate specific activities
Make sure event callbacks in one activity aren't getting called in virtue of message being
    sent from another.
Rather than storing default volume id with Coffee, maybe should store it with BrewActivity?
    Use separate table from Coffee?
        That table will have a single column, Vol Id, and Coffee Id will be a foreign key.
            For cache: can use Map from Cof Id to Vol Id
     Then: remove default vol id from Coffee class!
     Where put button to delete volume?

